capital = 44
OOB = "ALB_1936"
set_cosmetic_tag = ALB_kingdom
land_tech_level_0 = yes
support_tech_level_0 = yes

recruit_character = ALB_king_zog
recruit_character = ALB_enver_hoxha
recruit_character = ALB_xhemal_aranitasi
recruit_character = ALB_eqrem_belishi
# recruit_character = ALB_gjon_burbank
recruit_character = ALB_halil_nergutti
recruit_character = ALB_ismael_ghaxa
recruit_character = ALB_hajre_fetahu
recruit_character = ALB_xhelal_mitrovica
recruit_character = ALB_selim_moishiou
recruit_character = ALB_kol_bibe_mirakaj
recruit_character = ALB_qemal_komani
recruit_character = ALB_prenk_pervizi
recruit_character = ALB_alexander_mori
recruit_character = ALB_aziz_sulejmani
recruit_character = ALB_kristo_cajupi
recruit_character = ALB_eqrem_libohova
recruit_character = ALB_zuhdi_shabani
recruit_character = ALB_rexhep_mitrovica
recruit_character = ALB_hasan_begolli
recruit_character = ALB_fiqri_dine
recruit_character = ALB_midhat_frasheri
recruit_character = ALB_jocelyn_percy
political_set_n = yes

popularities_set_N = yes

set_convoys = 5