capital = 459
# Starting tech
set_cosmetic_tag = ALG_peoples_republic
land_tech_level_0 = yes

recruit_character = ALG_ar
recruit_character = ALG_acr
recruit_character = ALG_mt
recruit_character = ALG_stc
recruit_character = ALG_aa2
recruit_character = ALG_acgs
recruit_character = ALG_ncm
recruit_character = ALG_nccr
recruit_character = ALG_coi
recruit_character = ALG_democratic_guy
recruit_character = ALG_acd2
recruit_character = ALG_acas
recruit_character = ALG_communist_guy
recruit_character = ALG_ncs
recruit_character = ALG_awt
recruit_character = ALG_pot
recruit_character = ALG_fascist_guy
recruit_character = ALG_ai2
recruit_character = ALG_nt
recruit_character = ALG_aco2
set_convoys = 20
political_set_n = yes

set_popularities = {
	democratic_ideology = 25
	fascism_ideology = 20
	communism_ideology = 5
	neutrality_ideology = 50
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Ahmed Ben Bella"
	desc = ""
	picture = GFX_portrait_Ahmed_Ben_Bella
	ideology = centrism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}
