capital = 540
oob = "Default_oob"
set_cosmetic_tag = ANG_republic
# Starting tech
land_tech_level_0 = yes
support_tech_level_m = yes

set_convoys = 5
recruit_character = ANG_acgs
recruit_character = ANG_ncm
recruit_character = ANG_mt
recruit_character = ANG_nt
recruit_character = ANG_ai2
recruit_character = ANG_fascist_guy
recruit_character = ANG_stc
recruit_character = ANG_communist_guy
recruit_character = ANG_aa2
recruit_character = ANG_ar
recruit_character = ANG_acd2
recruit_character = ANG_acr
recruit_character = ANG_coi
recruit_character = ANG_acas
recruit_character = ANG_awt
recruit_character = ANG_pot
recruit_character = ANG_nccr
recruit_character = ANG_aco2
recruit_character = ANG_democratic_guy
recruit_character = ANG_ncs
political_set_n = yes

popularities_set_N = yes

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Jonas Lote"
	picture = GFX_portrait_Jonas_Lote
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = centrism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

#Now a colony of Italy  However, if independent it would have