capital = 430
oob = "Default_oob" 
# Starting tech
set_cosmetic_tag = BAN_peoples_republic
land_tech_level_0 = yes

recruit_character = BAN_pot
recruit_character = BAN_aco2
recruit_character = BAN_mt
recruit_character = BAN_ar
recruit_character = BAN_fascist_guy
recruit_character = BAN_acd2
recruit_character = BAN_ncm
recruit_character = BAN_ai2
recruit_character = BAN_acas
recruit_character = BAN_democratic_guy
recruit_character = BAN_aa2
recruit_character = BAN_awt
recruit_character = BAN_coi
recruit_character = BAN_stc
recruit_character = BAN_acgs
recruit_character = BAN_nccr
recruit_character = BAN_ncs
recruit_character = BAN_nt
recruit_character = BAN_communist_guy
recruit_character = BAN_acr
set_convoys = 5
political_set_d = yes

set_popularities = {
	democratic_ideology = 75
	fascism_ideology = 1
	communism_ideology = 1
	neutrality_ideology = 23
}
