capital = 324
oob = "Default_oob"
set_cosmetic_tag = BHU_kingdom
# Starting tech
land_tech_level_0 = yes
support_tech_level_m = yes

set_war_support = 0.1
set_stability = 0.8
recruit_character = BHU_jigme_wangchuck
recruit_character = BHU_tsarong_wangyal
recruit_character = BHU_gendün_rinpoche
recruit_character = BHU_andruk_tashi
recruit_character = BHU_reginald_b_stevens
recruit_character = BHU_jigme_dorji_wangchuck
recruit_character = BHU_chamba_wangyal
recruit_character = BHU_namgyal_bahadur
recruit_character = BHU_ugyen_tenzin
recruit_character = BHU_tommy_gould
recruit_character = BHU_bill_collett
recruit_character = BHU_gendun_shakabpa
recruit_character = BHU_tsarong_rinpoche
recruit_character = BHU_dorji_yeshey
recruit_character = BHU_tsepon_shatra
recruit_character = BHU_dechen_sonam
recruit_character = BHU_sonam_pradukha
recruit_character = BHU_jigme_palden_dorji
recruit_character = BHU_sonam_tobgay_dorji
recruit_character = BHU_mang_pos_bhur_bai
political_set_n = yes

popularities_set_N = yes
