capital = 7
oob = "Default_oob"
set_tech_level_1 = yes
set_stability = 0.75
set_war_support = 0
add_command_power = 10
set_cosmetic_tag = BLX_united_kingdom
land_tech_level_1 = yes
support_tech_level_0 = yes
industry_tech_level_1 = yes
air_tech_level_1 = yes
doctrine_set_0 = yes
navy_tech_level_B = yes

add_ideas = {
	HOL_wilhelmina
}

recruit_character = HOL_hendrikus_colijn
recruit_character = HOL_anton_mussert
recruit_character = HOL_lou_de_visser
recruit_character = HOL_willem_schermerhorn
recruit_character = HOL_izaak_reijnders
recruit_character = HOL_petrus_wilhelmus_best
recruit_character = HOL_godfried_van_voorst_tot_voorst
recruit_character = HOL_johannes_theodorus_furstner
recruit_character = HOL_conrad_helfrich
recruit_character = HOL_karel_doorman
recruit_character = HOL_charles_douw_van_der_krap
recruit_character = HOL_nico_van_straten
recruit_character = HOL_hein_ter_poorten
recruit_character = HOL_adrianus_rudolphus_van_den_bent
recruit_character = HOL_hendrik_van_oyen
recruit_character = HOL_hendrik_seyffardt
recruit_character = HOL_henri_winkelman
recruit_character = HOL_maarten_belzer
recruit_character = HOL_marius_raaijmakers
recruit_character = HOL_saul_de_groot
recruit_character = HOL_antonie_pannekoek
recruit_character = HOL_walraven_van_hall
recruit_character = HOL_jacob_adriaan_de_wilde
recruit_character = HOL_anton_de_kom
recruit_character = HOL_jan_goudriaan
recruit_character = HOL_adriaan_dijxhoorn
recruit_character = HOL_prince_bernhard
recruit_character = HOL_cornelis_van_geelkerken
recruit_character = HOL_meinout_rost_van_tonningen
recruit_character = HOL_dirk_jan_de_geer
recruit_character = HOL_pieter_sjoerds_gerbrandy
recruit_character = HOL_wilhelmina
recruit_character = BEL_hubert_pierlot
recruit_character = BEL_joseph_jacquemotte
recruit_character = BEL_mcl_keyaerts
recruit_character = BEL_georges_timmermans
recruit_character = BEL_gilles_wyvekens
recruit_character = BEL_fritz_conrad
recruit_character = BEL_raoul_overstraeten
recruit_character = BEL_georges_deffontaine
recruit_character = BEL_victor_strydonck_burkel
recruit_character = BEL_georges_vereecken
recruit_character = BEL_jules_pire
recruit_character = BEL_oscar_michiels
recruit_character = BEL_charles_bastin
recruit_character = BEL_yvan_gerard
recruit_character = BEL_rene_lagrou
recruit_character = BEL_leon_degrelle
recruit_character = BEL_fritz_lob
recruit_character = BEL_jules_iserentant
recruit_character = BEL_victor_van_strydonck_de_burkel
recruit_character = BEL_paul-henri_spaak
recruit_character = BEL_gaston_eyskens
recruit_character = BEL_paul_van_zeeland
recruit_character = LUX_joseph_bech
recruit_character = LUX_gustave_lebeau
recruit_character = LUX_frédéric_nagelmackers
recruit_character = LUX_jean_pirson
recruit_character = LUX_damien_roeser
recruit_character = LUX_florent_destriveaux
recruit_character = LUX_alexander_von_falkenhausen
recruit_character = LUX_pierre_fischbach
recruit_character = LUX_guillaume_soisson
recruit_character = LUX_alex_federspiel
recruit_character = LUX_henri_ahnen
recruit_character = LUX_emile_speller
recruit_character = LUX_francois_schammel
recruit_character = LUX_aloyse_glodt
recruit_character = LUX_nicolas_de_dixmude
recruit_character = LUX_paul_medinger
recruit_character = LUX_nicholas_diedrich
recruit_character = LUX_pierre_dupong
recruit_character = LUX_pierre_krier
recruit_character = LUX_martin_karp

political_set_M = yes

popularities_set_M = yes

set_convoys = 150
set_stability = 0.75