capital = 311
oob = "Default_oob" 
# Starting tech
land_tech_level_0 = yes

set_convoys = 5
recruit_character = BLZ_communist_guy
recruit_character = BLZ_aa2
recruit_character = BLZ_ar
recruit_character = BLZ_acd2
recruit_character = BLZ_acr
recruit_character = BLZ_coi
recruit_character = BLZ_acas
recruit_character = BLZ_awt
recruit_character = BLZ_pot
recruit_character = BLZ_nccr
recruit_character = BLZ_aco2
recruit_character = BLZ_democratic_guy
recruit_character = BLZ_ncs
recruit_character = BLZ_acgs
recruit_character = BLZ_ncm
recruit_character = BLZ_mt
recruit_character = BLZ_nt
recruit_character = BLZ_ai2
recruit_character = BLZ_fascist_guy
recruit_character = BLZ_stc
political_set_d = yes

set_popularities = {
	democratic_ideology = 75
	fascism_ideology = 1
	communism_ideology = 1
	neutrality_ideology = 23
}
