capital = 542
oob = "Default_oob"
set_cosmetic_tag = BOT_republic
# Starting tech
land_tech_level_0 = yes
support_tech_level_m = yes

set_convoys = 5
recruit_character = BOT_aa2
recruit_character = BOT_awt
recruit_character = BOT_coi
recruit_character = BOT_stc
recruit_character = BOT_acgs
recruit_character = BOT_nccr
recruit_character = BOT_ncs
recruit_character = BOT_nt
recruit_character = BOT_communist_guy
recruit_character = BOT_acr
recruit_character = BOT_pot
recruit_character = BOT_aco2
recruit_character = BOT_mt
recruit_character = BOT_ar
recruit_character = BOT_fascist_guy
recruit_character = BOT_acd2
recruit_character = BOT_ncm
recruit_character = BOT_ai2
recruit_character = BOT_acas
recruit_character = BOT_democratic_guy
political_set_n = yes

set_popularities = {
	neutrality_ideology = 100
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Tshekedi Khama"
	picture = GFX_portrait_Tshekedi_Khama
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = socialism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}
