capital = 769
set_cosmetic_tag = BRD_kingdom
# Starting tech
land_tech_level_0 = yes

set_convoys = 0
recruit_character = BRD_communist_guy
recruit_character = BRD_aa2
recruit_character = BRD_ar
recruit_character = BRD_acd2
recruit_character = BRD_acr
recruit_character = BRD_coi
recruit_character = BRD_acas
recruit_character = BRD_awt
recruit_character = BRD_pot
recruit_character = BRD_nccr
recruit_character = BRD_aco2
recruit_character = BRD_democratic_guy
recruit_character = BRD_ncs
recruit_character = BRD_acgs
recruit_character = BRD_ncm
recruit_character = BRD_mt
recruit_character = BRD_nt
recruit_character = BRD_ai2
recruit_character = BRD_fascist_guy
recruit_character = BRD_stc
political_set_d = yes

set_popularities = {
	democratic_ideology = 55
	fascism_ideology = 15
	communism_ideology = 5
	neutrality_ideology = 25
}
