capital = 622
oob = "Default_oob"
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
		}
	}
	set_oob = "CHN_1936"
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_oob = "CHN_1936_nsb"
}
set_cosmetic_tag = CHN_peoples_republic
# Starting tech
land_tech_level_2 = yes
support_tech_level_2 = yes
tank_tech_level_2 = yes
navy_tech_level_2 = yes
doctrine_set_0 = yes
industry_tech_level_1 = yes
set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.7
save_global_event_target_as = WTT_communist_china

recruit_character = CHI_chiang_kaishek
recruit_character = PRC_zhu_de
recruit_character = PRC_chen_yi
recruit_character = PRC_peng_dehuai
recruit_character = PRC_lin_biao
recruit_character = PRC_luo_zhao
recruit_character = PRC_liang_ma
recruit_character = PRC_liu_bocheng
recruit_character = PRC_zhang_wei
recruit_character = PRC_su_yu
recruit_character = PRC_ma_jin
recruit_character = PRC_ziao_jingguang
recruit_character = PRC_fang_zeyi
recruit_character = PRC_xu_xiangqian
recruit_character = PRC_nie_rongzhen
recruit_character = PRC_chen_geng
recruit_character = PRC_ye_jianying
recruit_character = PRC_liang_shen
recruit_character = PRC_deng_ye_peng
recruit_character = PRC_lin_bojiu
recruit_character = PRC_zhou_enlai
recruit_character = PRC_liu_shaoqi
recruit_character = PRC_he_yuandang
recruit_character = PRC_dong_biwu
recruit_character = CHI_tai_anlan
recruit_character = CHI_wang_yaowu
recruit_character = CHI_sun_li_jen
recruit_character = CHI_hu_zongnan
recruit_character = CHI_gu_zhutong
recruit_character = CHI_wei_lihuang
recruit_character = CHI_fu_zuoyi
recruit_character = CHI_zhang_xueliang

promote_character = CHI_chiang_kaishek
political_set_C = yes

set_popularities = {
	communism_ideology = 100
}

add_ideas = {
	closed_economy
	service_by_requirement
	partial_economic_mobilisation
}


