capital = 268
set_cosmetic_tag = DIS_kingdom
# Starting tech
land_tech_level_0 = yes

set_convoys = 10
recruit_character = DJI_pot
recruit_character = DJI_awt
recruit_character = DJI_communist_guy
recruit_character = DJI_ncm
recruit_character = DJI_acgs
recruit_character = DJI_nccr
recruit_character = DJI_fascist_guy
recruit_character = DJI_ar
recruit_character = DJI_stc
recruit_character = DJI_aco2
recruit_character = DJI_aa2
recruit_character = DJI_ncs
recruit_character = DJI_nt
recruit_character = DJI_acas
recruit_character = DJI_acd2
recruit_character = DJI_democratic_guy
recruit_character = DJI_mt
recruit_character = DJI_ai2
recruit_character = DJI_coi
recruit_character = DJI_acr
political_set_n = yes

set_popularities = {
	democratic_ideology = 25
	fascism_ideology = 20
	communism_ideology = 5
	neutrality_ideology = 50
}
