capital = 297
set_cosmetic_tag = EQG_republic
# Starting tech
land_tech_level_0 = yes

set_convoys = 10
recruit_character = EQG_ncm
recruit_character = EQG_acd2
recruit_character = EQG_democratic_guy
recruit_character = EQG_fascist_guy
recruit_character = EQG_coi
recruit_character = EQG_ar
recruit_character = EQG_aa2
recruit_character = EQG_awt
recruit_character = EQG_acgs
recruit_character = EQG_mt
recruit_character = EQG_nccr
recruit_character = EQG_aco2
recruit_character = EQG_nt
recruit_character = EQG_communist_guy
recruit_character = EQG_pot
recruit_character = EQG_acas
recruit_character = EQG_acr
recruit_character = EQG_stc
recruit_character = EQG_ai2
recruit_character = EQG_ncs
political_set_n = yes

set_popularities = {
	democratic_ideology = 25
	fascism_ideology = 20
	communism_ideology = 5
	neutrality_ideology = 50
}
