capital = 539

set_cosmetic_tag = GAB_republic
# Starting tech
land_tech_level_0 = yes

set_convoys = 20

recruit_character = GAB_aa2
recruit_character = GAB_democratic_guy
recruit_character = GAB_acgs
recruit_character = GAB_ncm
recruit_character = GAB_nt
recruit_character = GAB_acas
recruit_character = GAB_awt
recruit_character = GAB_pot
recruit_character = GAB_stc
recruit_character = GAB_acd2
recruit_character = GAB_communist_guy
recruit_character = GAB_aco2
recruit_character = GAB_fascist_guy
recruit_character = GAB_coi
recruit_character = GAB_ar
recruit_character = GAB_nccr
recruit_character = GAB_mt
recruit_character = GAB_ai2
recruit_character = GAB_ncs
recruit_character = GAB_acr

political_set_n = yes
set_popularities = {
	democratic_ideology = 25
	fascism_ideology = 20
	communism_ideology = 5
	neutrality_ideology = 50
}
