capital = 274
set_cosmetic_tag = GHA_republic
# Starting tech
land_tech_level_0 = yes

set_convoys = 15
recruit_character = GHA_acd2
recruit_character = GHA_communist_guy
recruit_character = GHA_acr
recruit_character = GHA_fascist_guy
recruit_character = GHA_aa2
recruit_character = GHA_democratic_guy
recruit_character = GHA_ncm
recruit_character = GHA_nt
recruit_character = GHA_awt
recruit_character = GHA_ar
recruit_character = GHA_stc
recruit_character = GHA_ai2
recruit_character = GHA_aco2
recruit_character = GHA_ncs
recruit_character = GHA_coi
recruit_character = GHA_acgs
recruit_character = GHA_acas
recruit_character = GHA_pot
recruit_character = GHA_nccr
recruit_character = GHA_mt
political_set_n = yes

set_popularities = {
	democratic_ideology = 25
	fascism_ideology = 20
	communism_ideology = 5
	neutrality_ideology = 50
}
