capital = 780
set_cosmetic_tag = GNA_republic
# Starting tech
land_tech_level_0 = yes

set_convoys = 10
recruit_character = GNA_nccr
recruit_character = GNA_aco2
recruit_character = GNA_ai2
recruit_character = GNA_democratic_guy
recruit_character = GNA_fascist_guy
recruit_character = GNA_ncm
recruit_character = GNA_communist_guy
recruit_character = GNA_mt
recruit_character = GNA_ar
recruit_character = GNA_acd2
recruit_character = GNA_acas
recruit_character = GNA_pot
recruit_character = GNA_nt
recruit_character = GNA_stc
recruit_character = GNA_ncs
recruit_character = GNA_acgs
recruit_character = GNA_aa2
recruit_character = GNA_acr
recruit_character = GNA_coi
recruit_character = GNA_awt
political_set_n = yes

set_popularities = {
	democratic_ideology = 25
	fascism_ideology = 20
	communism_ideology = 5
	neutrality_ideology = 50
}
