capital = 594
oob = "Default_oob"
set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.4
set_cosmetic_tag = GXC_military_clique
# Starting tech

land_tech_level_0 = yes

recruit_character = GXC_li_zongren
recruit_character = GXC_chen_jitang
recruit_character = GXC_liu_peng
recruit_character = GXC_zhang_lu
recruit_character = GXC_li_ting
recruit_character = GXC_bai_yeung
recruit_character = GXC_heng_lo
recruit_character = GXC_yu_hanmou
recruit_character = GXC_zha_zemin
recruit_character = GXC_huo_duyi
recruit_character = GXC_niu_keung
recruit_character = GXC_bai_chongxi
recruit_character = GXC_teng_qingshan
recruit_character = GXC_do_liang
recruit_character = GXC_huang_shaohong
recruit_character = GXC_yang_hulin
recruit_character = GXC_wang_shuming
recruit_character = GXC_li_jishen
recruit_character = GXC_lei_zhong
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Waking the Tiger"
	}
	add_ideas = {
		PRC_government_corruption
		CHI_ineffective_bureaucracy_warlord
	}
}

set_convoys = 5
political_set_n = yes

popularities_set_N = yes
