capital = 804

set_tech_level_1 = yes
set_cosmetic_tag = HRZ_republic

# Starting tech
# clone of Yugoslavia
support_tech_level_1 = yes
land_tech_level_1 = yes
air_tech_level_0 = yes
tank_tech_level_1 = yes
navy_tech_level_2 = yes
political_set_N = yes

set_popularities = {
	democratic_ideology = 33
	neutrality_ideology = 33
	communism_ideology = 34
}

recruit_character = HRZ_acd2
recruit_character = HRZ_fascist_guy
recruit_character = HRZ_ncs
recruit_character = HRZ_nccr
recruit_character = HRZ_aco2
recruit_character = HRZ_communist_guy
recruit_character = HRZ_ai2
recruit_character = HRZ_ar
recruit_character = HRZ_coi
recruit_character = HRZ_acas
recruit_character = HRZ_acgs
recruit_character = HRZ_aa2
recruit_character = HRZ_democratic_guy
recruit_character = HRZ_acr
recruit_character = HRZ_stc
recruit_character = HRZ_awt
recruit_character = HRZ_pot
recruit_character = HRZ_mt
recruit_character = HRZ_ncm
recruit_character = HRZ_nt

