capital = 689
oob = "Default_oob"
# Starting tech
land_tech_level_0 = yes

set_convoys = 5
recruit_character = JAM_coi
recruit_character = JAM_aa2
recruit_character = JAM_democratic_guy
recruit_character = JAM_acd2
recruit_character = JAM_acr
recruit_character = JAM_fascist_guy
recruit_character = JAM_stc
recruit_character = JAM_ncs
recruit_character = JAM_awt
recruit_character = JAM_mt
recruit_character = JAM_communist_guy
recruit_character = JAM_ai2
recruit_character = JAM_ar
recruit_character = JAM_acas
recruit_character = JAM_acgs
recruit_character = JAM_ncm
recruit_character = JAM_nt
recruit_character = JAM_pot
recruit_character = JAM_nccr
recruit_character = JAM_aco2
political_set_d = yes

set_popularities = {
	democratic_ideology = 75
	fascism_ideology = 1
	communism_ideology = 1
	neutrality_ideology = 23
}
