capital = 770
set_cosmetic_tag = MLW_republic
# Starting tech
land_tech_level_0 = yes

set_convoys = 0
recruit_character = MLW_ar
recruit_character = MLW_nccr
recruit_character = MLW_mt
recruit_character = MLW_ai2
recruit_character = MLW_ncs
recruit_character = MLW_acr
recruit_character = MLW_aa2
recruit_character = MLW_democratic_guy
recruit_character = MLW_acgs
recruit_character = MLW_ncm
recruit_character = MLW_nt
recruit_character = MLW_acas
recruit_character = MLW_awt
recruit_character = MLW_pot
recruit_character = MLW_stc
recruit_character = MLW_acd2
recruit_character = MLW_communist_guy
recruit_character = MLW_aco2
recruit_character = MLW_fascist_guy
recruit_character = MLW_coi
political_set_n = yes

set_popularities = {
	democratic_ideology = 25
	fascism_ideology = 20
	communism_ideology = 5
	neutrality_ideology = 50
}
