capital = 557
set_cosmetic_tag = MRT_republic
# Starting tech
land_tech_level_0 = yes

set_convoys = 20
recruit_character = MRT_pot
recruit_character = MRT_awt
recruit_character = MRT_communist_guy
recruit_character = MRT_ncm
recruit_character = MRT_acgs
recruit_character = MRT_nccr
recruit_character = MRT_fascist_guy
recruit_character = MRT_ar
recruit_character = MRT_stc
recruit_character = MRT_aco2
recruit_character = MRT_aa2
recruit_character = MRT_ncs
recruit_character = MRT_nt
recruit_character = MRT_acas
recruit_character = MRT_acd2
recruit_character = MRT_democratic_guy
recruit_character = MRT_mt
recruit_character = MRT_ai2
recruit_character = MRT_coi
recruit_character = MRT_acr
political_set_n = yes

set_popularities = {
	democratic_ideology = 25
	fascism_ideology = 20
	communism_ideology = 5
	neutrality_ideology = 50
}
