capital = 544
oob = "Default_oob"
set_cosmetic_tag = MZB_republic
# Starting tech
land_tech_level_0 = yes
support_tech_level_m = yes

set_convoys = 5
recruit_character = MZB_fascist_guy
recruit_character = MZB_coi
recruit_character = MZB_acr
recruit_character = MZB_nccr
recruit_character = MZB_ai2
recruit_character = MZB_ncm
recruit_character = MZB_acas
recruit_character = MZB_aco2
recruit_character = MZB_acd2
recruit_character = MZB_pot
recruit_character = MZB_stc
recruit_character = MZB_aa2
recruit_character = MZB_acgs
recruit_character = MZB_nt
recruit_character = MZB_communist_guy
recruit_character = MZB_ar
recruit_character = MZB_democratic_guy
recruit_character = MZB_mt
recruit_character = MZB_ncs
recruit_character = MZB_awt
political_set_n = yes

set_popularities = {
	neutrality_ideology = 100
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Eduardo Tsonga"
	picture = GFX_portrait_Eduardo_Tsonga
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = centrism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}
