capital = 558
set_cosmetic_tag = NGA_federal_republic
# Starting tech
land_tech_level_0 = yes

set_convoys = 20
recruit_character = NGA_ncs
recruit_character = NGA_pot
recruit_character = NGA_nccr
recruit_character = NGA_fascist_guy
recruit_character = NGA_coi
recruit_character = NGA_ai2
recruit_character = NGA_democratic_guy
recruit_character = NGA_ar
recruit_character = NGA_acgs
recruit_character = NGA_awt
recruit_character = NGA_acd2
recruit_character = NGA_nt
recruit_character = NGA_aco2
recruit_character = NGA_acas
recruit_character = NGA_acr
recruit_character = NGA_mt
recruit_character = NGA_stc
recruit_character = NGA_aa2
recruit_character = NGA_ncm
recruit_character = NGA_communist_guy
political_set_n = yes

set_popularities = {
	democratic_ideology = 25
	fascism_ideology = 20
	communism_ideology = 5
	neutrality_ideology = 50
}
