capital = 541
set_cosmetic_tag = NMB_republic
# Starting tech
land_tech_level_0 = yes

set_convoys = 20
recruit_character = NMB_stc
recruit_character = NMB_aco2
recruit_character = NMB_aa2
recruit_character = NMB_ncs
recruit_character = NMB_nt
recruit_character = NMB_acas
recruit_character = NMB_acd2
recruit_character = NMB_democratic_guy
recruit_character = NMB_mt
recruit_character = NMB_ai2
recruit_character = NMB_coi
recruit_character = NMB_acr
recruit_character = NMB_pot
recruit_character = NMB_awt
recruit_character = NMB_communist_guy
recruit_character = NMB_ncm
recruit_character = NMB_acgs
recruit_character = NMB_nccr
recruit_character = NMB_fascist_guy
recruit_character = NMB_ar
political_set_d = yes

set_popularities = {
	democratic_ideology = 50
	fascism_ideology = 20
	communism_ideology = 5
	neutrality_ideology = 25
}
