capital = 523
oob = "Default_oob"
set_cosmetic_tag = PNG_independent_state
# Starting tech
land_tech_level_0 = yes

set_convoys = 5
recruit_character = PNG_stc
recruit_character = PNG_aa2
recruit_character = PNG_ncs
recruit_character = PNG_nt
recruit_character = PNG_democratic_guy
recruit_character = PNG_fascist_guy
recruit_character = PNG_ai2
recruit_character = PNG_acas
recruit_character = PNG_acd2
recruit_character = PNG_pot
recruit_character = PNG_mt
recruit_character = PNG_awt
recruit_character = PNG_acgs
recruit_character = PNG_communist_guy
recruit_character = PNG_coi
recruit_character = PNG_ar
recruit_character = PNG_acr
recruit_character = PNG_nccr
recruit_character = PNG_ncm
recruit_character = PNG_aco2
political_set_d = yes

set_popularities = {
	democratic_ideology = 75
	fascism_ideology = 1
	communism_ideology = 1
	neutrality_ideology = 23
}
