capital = 700
set_cosmetic_tag = SIE_republic
# Starting tech
land_tech_level_0 = yes

set_convoys = 10
recruit_character = SIE_acas
recruit_character = SIE_mt
recruit_character = SIE_nccr
recruit_character = SIE_ai2
recruit_character = SIE_ncs
recruit_character = SIE_aco2
recruit_character = SIE_acd2
recruit_character = SIE_nt
recruit_character = SIE_ar
recruit_character = SIE_fascist_guy
recruit_character = SIE_acgs
recruit_character = SIE_acr
recruit_character = SIE_stc
recruit_character = SIE_ncm
recruit_character = SIE_democratic_guy
recruit_character = SIE_communist_guy
recruit_character = SIE_coi
recruit_character = SIE_pot
recruit_character = SIE_aa2
recruit_character = SIE_awt
political_set_d = yes

set_popularities = {
	democratic_ideology = 55
	fascism_ideology = 15
	communism_ideology = 5
	neutrality_ideology = 25
}
