capital = 634
oob = "Default_oob"
# Starting tech
land_tech_level_0 = yes

set_convoys = 20
recruit_character = SOL_awt
recruit_character = SOL_acd2
recruit_character = SOL_nt
recruit_character = SOL_aco2
recruit_character = SOL_acas
recruit_character = SOL_acr
recruit_character = SOL_mt
recruit_character = SOL_stc
recruit_character = SOL_aa2
recruit_character = SOL_ncm
recruit_character = SOL_communist_guy
recruit_character = SOL_ncs
recruit_character = SOL_pot
recruit_character = SOL_nccr
recruit_character = SOL_fascist_guy
recruit_character = SOL_coi
recruit_character = SOL_ai2
recruit_character = SOL_democratic_guy
recruit_character = SOL_ar
recruit_character = SOL_acgs
political_set_d = yes

set_popularities = {
	democratic_ideology = 50
	fascism_ideology = 6
	communism_ideology = 6
	neutrality_ideology = 38
}
