capital = 548
# Starting tech
set_cosmetic_tag = UGA_republic
land_tech_level_0 = yes

set_convoys = 0
recruit_character = UGA_aco2
recruit_character = UGA_nt
recruit_character = UGA_communist_guy
recruit_character = UGA_pot
recruit_character = UGA_acas
recruit_character = UGA_acr
recruit_character = UGA_stc
recruit_character = UGA_ai2
recruit_character = UGA_ncs
recruit_character = UGA_ncm
recruit_character = UGA_acd2
recruit_character = UGA_democratic_guy
recruit_character = UGA_fascist_guy
recruit_character = UGA_coi
recruit_character = UGA_ar
recruit_character = UGA_aa2
recruit_character = UGA_awt
recruit_character = UGA_acgs
recruit_character = UGA_mt
recruit_character = UGA_nccr
political_set_d = yes

set_popularities = {
	democratic_ideology = 55
	fascism_ideology = 15
	communism_ideology = 5
	neutrality_ideology = 25
}
