capital = 778
# Starting tech
set_cosmetic_tag = VOL_republic
land_tech_level_0 = yes

set_convoys = 0
recruit_character = VOL_acd2
recruit_character = VOL_ncm
recruit_character = VOL_nccr
recruit_character = VOL_ai2
recruit_character = VOL_stc
recruit_character = VOL_pot
recruit_character = VOL_aco2
recruit_character = VOL_aa2
recruit_character = VOL_nt
recruit_character = VOL_communist_guy
recruit_character = VOL_democratic_guy
recruit_character = VOL_mt
recruit_character = VOL_acgs
recruit_character = VOL_coi
recruit_character = VOL_fascist_guy
recruit_character = VOL_ar
recruit_character = VOL_acr
recruit_character = VOL_ncs
recruit_character = VOL_awt
recruit_character = VOL_acas
political_set_n = yes

set_popularities = {
	democratic_ideology = 25
	fascism_ideology = 20
	communism_ideology = 5
	neutrality_ideology = 50
}
