capital = 604
oob = "Default_oob"
set_cosmetic_tag = XSM_ma_military_clique
# Starting tech
land_tech_level_0 = yes

recruit_character = XSM_ma_bufang
recruit_character = XSM_ma_hongbin
recruit_character = XSM_mao_sun
recruit_character = XSM_hsia_sun
recruit_character = XSM_hsia_jin
recruit_character = XSM_au_yongrui
recruit_character = XSM_ho_tengfei
recruit_character = XSM_lian_zenguang
recruit_character = XSM_chun_minsheng
recruit_character = XSM_ma_donghai
recruit_character = XSM_ma_hongkui
recruit_character = XSM_wu_qi
recruit_character = XSM_keng_gui
recruit_character = XSM_may_chongan
recruit_character = XSM_keng_shoushan
recruit_character = XSM_ma_buqing
recruit_character = XSM_li_shiqun
recruit_character = XSM_fang_jing
recruit_character = XSM_zi_shen
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Waking the Tiger"
	}
	add_ideas = {
		PRC_government_corruption
		CHI_ineffective_bureaucracy_warlord
	}
}

political_set_n = yes

popularities_set_N = yes
