capital = 771
set_cosmetic_tag = ZAM_republic
# Starting tech
land_tech_level_0 = yes

set_convoys = 0
recruit_character = ZAM_acas
recruit_character = ZAM_acgs
recruit_character = ZAM_ncm
recruit_character = ZAM_nt
recruit_character = ZAM_pot
recruit_character = ZAM_nccr
recruit_character = ZAM_aco2
recruit_character = ZAM_coi
recruit_character = ZAM_aa2
recruit_character = ZAM_democratic_guy
recruit_character = ZAM_acd2
recruit_character = ZAM_acr
recruit_character = ZAM_fascist_guy
recruit_character = ZAM_stc
recruit_character = ZAM_ncs
recruit_character = ZAM_awt
recruit_character = ZAM_mt
recruit_character = ZAM_communist_guy
recruit_character = ZAM_ai2
recruit_character = ZAM_ar
political_set_d = yes

set_popularities = {
	democratic_ideology = 55
	fascism_ideology = 15
	communism_ideology = 5
	neutrality_ideology = 25
}
