capital = 545
oob = "Default_oob"
set_cosmetic_tag = ZIM_republic
# Starting tech
land_tech_level_0 = yes
support_tech_level_m = yes

set_convoys = 5
recruit_character = ZIM_acr
recruit_character = ZIM_stc
recruit_character = ZIM_awt
recruit_character = ZIM_pot
recruit_character = ZIM_mt
recruit_character = ZIM_ncm
recruit_character = ZIM_nt
recruit_character = ZIM_acd2
recruit_character = ZIM_fascist_guy
recruit_character = ZIM_ncs
recruit_character = ZIM_nccr
recruit_character = ZIM_aco2
recruit_character = ZIM_communist_guy
recruit_character = ZIM_ai2
recruit_character = ZIM_ar
recruit_character = ZIM_coi
recruit_character = ZIM_acas
recruit_character = ZIM_acgs
recruit_character = ZIM_aa2
recruit_character = ZIM_democratic_guy
political_set_N = yes

set_popularities = {
	neutrality_ideology = 100
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Marcus James Hugins"
	picture = GFX_portrait__Marcus_James_Hugins
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = nazism
	traits = {
		prince_of_terror
	}
}
